Update README with Mac install guide, various other adjustments to content + formatting (#29)
ethangreen-dev/lovely-injector: README.md

name = "nativefs"
```

### TL;DR - Patch variants

> - Use `pattern` patches are used to surgically embed code at specific locations within the target. Supports the `*` and `+` wildcards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `pattern` patches to surgically embed code at specific locations within the target. Supports the `*` and `+` wildcards.
```

Reviewer: Which wildcards are supported again? A comment said `*` and `?`

Author: Good catch, it's supposed to be `*` and `?`.

- Use `regex` patches *only* when the pattern patch does not fulfill your needs. This is basically the pattern patch but with a backing regex query engine, capture groups and all.
- Use `copy` patches when you need to copy a large amount of position-independent code into the target.
- Use `module` patches to inject a lua module into the game's runtime. Note that this currently only supports single file modules, but this should be changing soon.

### Patch files

Patch files are loaded from mod directories inside of the mod folder (`MOD_DIR`). Lovely will load any patch files present within `MOD_DIR/ModName/lovely/` or load a single patch from `MOD_DIR/ModName/lovely.toml`. If multiple patches are loaded they will be injected into the game in the order in which they are found.

> Paths defined within the patch are rooted by the mod's directory. For example, `core/deck.lua` is resolved to `MOD_DIR/Steamodded/core/deck.lua`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paths defined within the patch are rooted by the mod's directory. For example, `core/deck.lua` resolves to `MOD_DIR/ModName/core/deck.lua`.
```

### Patch variants

> This file contains three patch definitions - a pattern patch, which (currently) changes a single line at a position offset to some pattern match, and a copy patch, which reads one or more input lua files and either appends or prepends them onto the target. The former is used when you need to surgically embed code at specific locations in the target (very useful for modloader init routines), and the latter is designed for use when you need to bulk inject position-independent code into the game.

Reviewer: There are 4 types of patch now; also only 2 are described

Reviewer: maybe just use bullet points?

Author: yeah, I was avoiding updating this paragraph. will do this tomorrow, thanks 👍
